doc: Refactor PPP documentation to use standard commands (#310)
nrfconnect/ncs-serial-modem: doc/app/sm_cellular_modem.rst

Reviewer: This gives me impression that you could handle this with AT commands without code changes.

What about below? Or something that makes it clear you need to change the code.
Or can we also note that it could be done before `netif_up()`?

```suggestion
* eDRX or PSM configuration through the driver requires code changes of the modem settings through AT commands in the chat scripts.
```

Author: Lets document that once we have a solid example to show it.

Reviewer: I would make the caption shorter:

```suggestion
Use case: Zephyr host
```

Reviewer: I feel like we should mention something about cellular modem driver `nrf91-sm-v2` and `nrf91-slm`. Not sure this is the right spot but somewhere in this chapter.

Reviewer: Own section for legacy driver is good!

================

Without CMUX, PPP runs on the current UART.
Send ``AT+CFUN=1`` to activate the modem, then ``AT+CGDATA`` to start PPP.

> The modem responds with ``CONNECT`` and the UART immediately enters PPP data mode.

Reviewer 2: How does this work if there is no connetion from pppd? I am just thinking of a scenario where user is experimenting. Do we still get the CONNECT?

> The UART cannot be used for AT commands until PPP is terminated by LCP negotiation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You cannot use the UART for AT commands until PPP is terminated by LCP negotiation.
```

No AT notifications are delivered over the UART while PPP is active.

Example
-------

Switching UART from AT mode to PPP mode and back:

.. figure:: ../images/ppp-uart-sequence.svg
   :alt: PPP session without CMUX using AT+CGDATA.
   :align: center

   PPP session without CMUX.

.. _ppp_with_cmux:

PPP with CMUX
=============

With CMUX, AT traffic and PPP traffic can share a single UART by using separate CMUX channels.

Start CMUX with ``AT+CMUX=0``, then issue ``AT+CGDATA`` on the chosen DLC channel to start PPP on that channel.

> The example below uses DLC channel 1 for PPP and DLC channel 2 for AT commands, with ``AT#XCMUXURC=2`` directing URCs to DLC channel 2.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example uses DLC channel 1 for PPP and DLC channel 2 for AT commands, with ``AT#XCMUXURC=2`` directing URCs to DLC channel 2.
```

Example
-------

Send ``AT#XCMUXURC=2`` to route URCs to DLC channel 2, start CMUX with ``AT+CMUX=0``, then start PPP on DLC channel 1 using ``AT+CGDATA``:

.. figure:: ../images/ppp-cmux-sequence.svg

>     :alt: PPP session with CMUX showing DLC1 (PPP) and DLC2 (AT), with URCs routed to DLC2.

Reviewer 2: Not really related to this, but it would be cool if we gave default commands for attaching to the AT channels with our linux script.

Author: Do you mean in the SVG diagrams?
Exactly same commands?

I have tried to keep the diagrams brief, so that we don't cumulate too much text there. So it only shows the essential.

Reviewer 2: No, I mean the commands for getting for example minicom or picocom attached to the AT-pipe.

    :align: center

    PPP on DLC1, AT commands and URCs on DLC2.

.. note::

   The ``AT#XCMUXURC=2`` is optional, but it is recommended to route URCs to a static channel.

>    When the URC channel is not selected, URCs are sent to a first open AT channel, which is not in data mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When the URC channel is not selected, URCs are sent to the first open AT channel, which is not in data mode.
```

* nRF91 Series SiP automatically restarts a network scan when connectivity is lost.

>   Manual dial-up scripts are typically not required for recovery.

Reviewer: Not sure what to say but maybe make a distinction between LTE and PPP connectivity.

```suggestion
  Manual dial-up scripts are typically not required for LTE connection recovery but PPP connection recovery might be needed.
```

> * When proprietary ``AT#XCMUX=1`` and ``AT#XPPP=1`` commands are used, CMUX channel allocation is static (by default, allocating DLC channel 1 to PPP and DLC channel 2 to AT).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* When you use the proprietary ``AT#XCMUX=1`` and ``AT#XPPP=1`` commands, CMUX channel allocation is static (by default, allocating DLC channel 1 to PPP and DLC channel 2 to AT).
```

        struct net_if *ppp_iface = net_if_get_default();
        net_if_up(ppp_iface);

Using legacy nrf91-slm Zephyr driver

> =====================================

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Using legacy nrf91-slm Zephyr driver
====================================
```

Zephyr provides an older upstream cellular modem driver that uses ``compatible = "nordic,nrf91-slm"``.
It was developed for the Serial LTE Modem (SLM) sample application and is not recommended for new designs.

Unlike the ``nordic,nrf91-sm-v2`` driver, the legacy ``nrf91-slm`` driver uses the proprietary ``AT#XCMUX=2`` command to switch the AT command channel to DLC channel 2 at runtime and ``AT#XPPP=1`` to allow PPP to start automatically on the secondary DLC channel.

> This approach is unreliable in various recovery scenarios, because PPP start up and AT channel switching might run out of sync leading to a loss of AT control.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This approach is unreliable in various recovery scenarios, because PPP startup and AT channel switching might run out of sync, leading to a loss of AT control.
```
